Migrate Kyuubi embedded database from Derby to SQLite (#4950)
apache/kyuubi: docs/deployment/migration-guide.md

# Kyuubi Migration Guide

## Upgrading from Kyuubi 1.7 to 1.8

> * Since Kyuubi 1.8, SQLite is added and becomes the default data type of Kyuubi metastore, Derby is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since Kyuubi 1.8, SQLite is added and becomes the default database type of Kyuubi metastore, as Derby has been deprecated.
```
